[IMP] Lunch: Update orders (#16053)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/hr/lunch/orders.rst

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From the :guilabel:`Order Your Lunch` dashboard, click a desired product to add it to an order; it appears in the :guilabel:`Configure Your Order` pop-up window.
```
Optional

   Anywhere a vendor's name is listed in the **Lunch** app, such as on Kanban product cards, their
   phone number is listed, as well.

Placing orders
==============

To place a lunch order, navigate to the main :guilabel:`Order Your Lunch` dashboard, by either
opening the **Lunch** app, or by navigating to :menuselection:`Lunch app --> My Lunch --> New
Order`.

Select the location
-------------------

Ensure the location set in the account hub on the right-side of the :guilabel:`Order Your Lunch`
dashboard is correct. Click the :guilabel:`Location` drop-down menu to view all **Lunch** app
locations, and select the user's current location (or the location the user wants their lunch
delivered to).

.. important::
   The user's work schedule, which indicates where they work each day, is **not** reflected in the
   :guilabel:`Location` field. Every available location must be configured in the **lunch** app, and
   all locations are available to all users in the database, regardless of work location. This way

>    users can order lunch and have it delivered at the location where they *will be* during

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   users can order lunch and have it delivered to the location where they *will be* during
```
Optional - changed 'at' to 'to'.

   lunchtime.

   For example, an employee works in the factory and has a lunch meeting with their supervisor at
   the main office, two blocks away. The employee selects the main office as their location in the

>    **Lunch** app, and their order is delivered to the main office, instead of the factory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   **Lunch** app, and their order is delivered to the main office rather than the factory.
```
Optional revision

Select the date
---------------

> The **Lunch** app allows for placing orders not only for the current day, but ordering future meals.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Lunch** app allows for placing orders not only for the current day, but also for ordering future meals.
```
Optional
